Recently I have Completed Capstone Project Provided By Testbook & skillacademy.dehli. During the creation of this Dashboard, I employed powerquery to facilitate the transformation from unstructured to structured data. I imported Excel data into mysqldba and subsequently transferred it from SQL to #powerbi for integration into the dashboard.
Explore the Data using Excel. understand the data and prepare a short summary about the dataset.  Perform Data cleaning if required and then do Statistical Analysis on data using statistical tools. Perform Graphical Analysis on the Data using Excel and Derive insights from it. Insert the given data into the SQL server by making a Database and defining the required parameters for the construction of Database and Database tables. Import the Data from the SQL Database into Power BI  ,verify if the data is properly imported or not. Perform Data cleaning and other possible operations on data using query editor ,create measures if necessary and use them to Visualize the data and make an interactive visualization. Create a Visually pleasing Power Bi Dashboard  report  by following the rules of making the Dashboard.
There is Impressive Growth in Sales in 2014 as compared to 2013 year. The United States of America has phenomenal record in Terms of Overall Sales. Paseo has the highest share as compared to other products. Through, Pareto Chart analysis, Government and Small Business Segment shares almost 80% of sales in 2013 and 2014. There is trend noticed , sales in December months is highest as Compared to other months.
